README.md, before:

# Ethereum ENS Connector

### **Welcome 👋**
Quick follow-through for connecting a React app to the Ethereum blockchain plus integrating ENS domain.

Just for testing purposes.

1. npm run dev
2. Enjoy!

---

<h1><img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1643514974/10003/catjam.gif?1643514974" width="30"/> Hey there!</h1>


<p>Welcome to my GitHub!</br>

I'm 0xSilkweave, a front-end developer and Web3 enthusiast. 

---

###

<p align="left">Tools:</p>

###

<div align="left">
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/javascript-original.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="JavaScript" /></a>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/react-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="React" /></a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/html5-original.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="HTML5" /></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/css3-original.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="CSS3" /></a>
<a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/tailwindcss-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="TailwindCSS" /></a>
<a href="https://getbootstrap.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/bootstrap-original.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Bootstrap" /></a>
<a href="https://nodejs.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/nodejs-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="NodeJS" /></a>
<a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/firebase-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Firebase" /></a>
<a href="https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/documentation/alchemy-web3" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/alchemy-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Alchemy" /></a>
<a href="https://hardhat.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/hardhat-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Hardhat" /></a>
<a href="https://ethereum.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/ethereum-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Ethereum" /></a>
</div>

<p align="left">Contact:</p>

###
<div align="left">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/0xSilkweave" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Twitter&logo=twitter&label=&color=1DA1F2&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="0xSilkweave"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discordapp.com/users/0xSilkweave#0947" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Discord&logo=discord&label=&color=7289DA&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="0xSilkweave#0947"  />
  </a>
</div>

###

Commit message:

Clarified chosen blockchain can be changed
Change to any EVM blockchain you want. Ethereum, Goerli, Polygon, etc.

README.md, after:

# Ethereum ENS Connector

### **Welcome 👋**
Quick follow-through for connecting a React app to the Ethereum (Goerli) blockchain plus integrating ENS domain.

Just for testing purposes.

1. npm run dev
2. Enjoy!

P.S. you can easily switch network connect, by updating <strong>index.js</strong> goerli to a different chain.

---

<h1><img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1643514974/10003/catjam.gif?1643514974" width="30"/> Hey there!</h1>


<p>Welcome to my GitHub!</br>

I'm 0xSilkweave, a front-end developer and Web3 enthusiast. 

---

###

<p align="left">Tools:</p>

###

<div align="left">
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/javascript-original.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="JavaScript" /></a>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/react-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="React" /></a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/html5-original.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="HTML5" /></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/css3-original.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="CSS3" /></a>
<a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/tailwindcss-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="TailwindCSS" /></a>
<a href="https://getbootstrap.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/bootstrap-original.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Bootstrap" /></a>
<a href="https://nodejs.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/nodejs-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="NodeJS" /></a>
<a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/firebase-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Firebase" /></a>
<a href="https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/documentation/alchemy-web3" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/alchemy-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Alchemy" /></a>
<a href="https://hardhat.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/hardhat-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Hardhat" /></a>
<a href="https://ethereum.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://github.com/0xSilkweave/0xSilkweave/raw/main/logos/ethereum-colored.svg" width="36" height="42" alt="Ethereum" /></a>
</div>

<p align="left">Contact:</p>

###
<div align="left">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/0xSilkweave" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Twitter&logo=twitter&label=&color=1DA1F2&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="0xSilkweave"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discordapp.com/users/0xSilkweave#0947" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Discord&logo=discord&label=&color=7289DA&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="0xSilkweave#0947"  />
  </a>
</div>

###
